Kevin yoo/hmp 198 data transfer no public globus (#3152)
hubmapconsortium/portal-ui: CHANGELOG-hmp-198-data-transfer-no-public-globus.md

- Added links to access dataset information in dbGaP.

> - Built out the UI for Protected Data when user is not logged in.

Reviewer: The CHANGELOG-* content should read closer to Release Notes. The audience is someone who needs to know what has happened to the software or app and why. Commit messages are for communicating with folks involved in development and design and is a better forum for text like "Built out the UI for Protected Data when user is not logged in.".

It may be helpful to review the content in the Portal UI CHANGELOG.md file which is generated from these CHANGELOG-*.md files:
- https://github.com/hubmapconsortium/portal-ui/blob/main/context/app/markdown/CHANGELOG.md
- https://github.com/hubmapconsortium/search-api/releases

> - Built out the UI for Protected Data when user is not logged in.

Reviewer: The CHANGELOG-* content should read closer to Release Notes. The audience is someone who needs to know what has happened to the software or app and why. Commit messages are for communicating with folks involved in development and design and is a better forum for text like "Built out the UI for Protected Data when user is not logged in."

It may be helpful to review the content in the Portal UI CHANGELOG.md file which is generated from these CHANGELOG-*.md files:
- https://github.com/hubmapconsortium/portal-ui/blob/main/context/app/markdown/CHANGELOG.md
- https://github.com/hubmapconsortium/search-api/releases

> - Created Login section for Consortium members for Globus Access.
> - Created links to dbGap study, SRA Experiment, and SRA Bioproject for dbGaP datasets. 
> - Created links to Globus for dbGaP datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add links to Globus, dbGap study, SRA Experiment, and SRA Bioproject for dbGaP datasets. 
```
Minor change to use present tense and summarize changes.
